what's up welcome back
Kyle here and today we're taking a look
at something pretty cool and that's the
cash app buy square and basically it
allows you to send money directly from
one person's debit account to the other
all I need is a debit card and obviously
a Android or iPhone phone to actually
send it over so this app is really cool
for a couple of reasons everyone is
absolutely no fees included with this
you can send money all you want or not
all you want but I'll get to that in a
second but you can send money without
having to worry about any fees there's
no 2.9% plus 30 cents per transaction or
any of that so if you're just sending a
couple bucks don't where you're going to
lose you know half of it in the
transaction just add the lingo fees
associated with this at all another
really neat thing about this is there's
absolutely no middleman account with
PayPal yeah it's friends into money but
now is in your PayPal account then you
have to worry about withdrawing it and
having everything cleared and all that
no middleman at all goes directly from
one person's bank account to the other
pretty darn cool the other thing is that
it's pretty much instant all the
transactions I've ever done have been
under $30 and therefore they've all been
however if you do have a transaction I
believe it's over 100 dollars and it's
not going to be instant unfortunately I
will clear it through through the square
team look at it but also a really great
thing is that it actually has a limit
okay okay maybe a limits not a great
thing but the limits $5,000 a week as
far as I remember so you really are
going to be running into that too much
less you start trying to use it for
business but it reduced me sending
someone extra money for picking up the
tab or some gas money it's really not
that big a deal and that's what the app
is designed to do not to run your
business off of or anything just to send
some friends and extra money when they
pick up a tab or just for whatever
reason so let's go ahead and dive deeper
into the app take a look at the end
design how to use it all the rate
features above this app also we're
recommending a friend you can both get
$5 so stay tuned for the rest of the
video so you can find out exactly how to
do that all right guys let's go ahead
and take a deep breath all right guys so
here is the cash app and you can see
it's a very simple design all I have to
do is enter the amount we want to send
let's say $5 and then either hit send or
request will do request here select our
sender or receiver and then we can go
ahead and enter a reason here now we
just go ahead and hit Send and it'll let
us know it's been requested okay now if
we go ahead and look at the other phone
here we can actually see that we did get
a notification letting us know of this
request so we can go and open up the
application here in order to either
accept or deny it we're going to ahead
and deny it for now and you'll see that
we get a notification over here in kind
of a chat style format letting so that's
been denied and you see that it's been
great out letting us know that's been
denied let's go ahead and send a dollar
now so if we go ahead and select the
user and then we go ahead and give a
reason come on and we'll just say come
on we'll just say for pizza once again
here okay and then we just go ahead and
hit Send and the money will go right on
over after we go ahead and do our
fingerprint for security reasons of
course that's an option you can turn on
on the iPhone then you'll see that we do
get a notification letting us know that
we did receive $8 for pizza
it doesn't require you to accept it at
all then we can go ahead and try to
request a dollar again from the phone so
we go ahead and enter you know no reason
and it'll let us know that we have it
all requests and this time we're going
and accept it and you'll see that we get
a notification over here letting us know
that it's been accepted
there we go and now we know it's been
accepted and we got our money and if we
look at the bank accounts we'd actually
have those transactions going on letting
us know that we received an accepted are
received and sent $1 so here is where
you can actually edit your account so
you guys can enter emails and phone
numbers to be able to be found by you
can actually do the security lock enter
your card information enable push
notifications emails text messages even
allow you be able to see who's nearby as
well as be send money from people you
don't know so a pretty cool app and you
can actually change your photo as well
so it's a pretty cool app and I find it
to be pretty darn interesting and I
thought it'd be pretty useful as well
especially in the real world sending
money with friends and everything and
you can actually invite friends as well
like I said to get paid more on that in
a second alright guys so that's pretty
much the app let's go ahead and do a
little bit of a wrap-up for the video
and yeah alright so guys that is the
cash app by square a little bit of an
in-depth look at it and I hope you guys
like the video and like the app I
thought it was a really cool idea for an
app and it's not one most every day just
gain apps and that's the kind of app
stuff I want
so hope you guys liked it hope you guys
found this app interesting and yeah one
thing I want to mention is like I said
there is actually an invite your friends
link but you can set up to actually both
get five dollars and if you guys would
like to get the five dollars feel free
to go ahead and send me an email I'm
gonna email across the video right now
send me an email letting me know that
you want to do that and I'll go ahead
and go into the app put your email in
here and send you a referral link and
when you send your first payment not
when you sign up but when you stand your
first payment will get five bucks so
that's pretty cool but besides that
that's pretty much everything guys hope
you guys did like the video hope you
found it interesting and if you get
found it helpful or just enjoyed it feel
free to give a thumbs up and if you want
to see more stuff like this feel free to
subscribe also comment down below if
you've ever used it or you found it
interesting if you have any comments on
it alright guys thanks for watching